In the last video,
you got an introduction to collaborative filtering.
The name collaborative filtering comes from the idea that we can
use user item collaborations to make recommendations.
What this means is that even without
any background information about the users and
without background information about the items,
we can still make recommendations.
The only information we need is data about how users and items interact with one another.
Recommendations that require information about users and items are considered
content-based recommendation systems which will
be the last type of recommendation we will cover in this lesson.
For now, let's take a closer look at
the type of information we need for collaborative filtering.
The type of data that could be used for the purposes of
collaborative filtering includes data that answers questions like,
how have users rated certain items?
Or which items have users liked or disliked?
We could even go as far as asking whether or not a user has used each item.
But again, we don't need to know any additional context about the users or the items.